  Gnash is originally based on the code of GameSWF, by Thatcher
Ulrich. GameSWF was the most advanced of the free flash movie player
projects, and implements a fairly broad set of Flash Format v7
compliance. GameSWF was unsupported public domain software though,
and not really setup to be an industrial strength project that could
be used by everyone that uses Firefox.

  So in early December of 2005, GameSWF was forked. After being
rearranged in GNU project style, development of the plugin was
started.


			  Status 04/01/06

Plugin:	
------

The plugin currently works by creating a new GTK window from within
the browser. When using SDL instead of GTK, the plugin output appears
in the correct browser window. Although gtk_plug() is also supposed
to use the same browser window, I currently get a blank window,
although the movie plays fine.

The GTK version has full event handling, and supports a right-click
mouse menu to control the movie. The SDL version has no event handling
or menu at all. The GTK version requires GtkGlExt, and defaults to SDL
if GtkGlExt is not installed, or if --disable-glext is passed to
configure.

All movies are downloaded to /tmp, and played from there. Many web
pages have IE specific Javascript that fail to launch with Firefox, so
it never loads the plugin.

Configure with --with-plugindir= to set the directory that "make
install" will install the plugin in. 

Flash Support:
--------------------

Many of the movies I come across while randomly web surfing play fine
in Gnash. Gnash supports the majority of Flash opcodes up to SWF
version 7, and a wide sampling of ActionScript classes for SWF version
7. All the core ones are implemented, and many of the newer ones work,
but may be missing some of the methods. All unimplemented opcodes and
ActionScript classes and methods print a warning when using -v with
gnash or gprocessor. Using gprocessor -v is a quick way to see why a
movie isn't playing correctly.

Currently implemented ActionScript classes are: Array, Boolean, Date,
Key, Math, Mouse, MovieClip, Number, Object, Sound, String, XML,
XMLNode, XMLSocket 

Partially implemented classes are: MovieClipLoader, NetConnection,
LocalConnection, TextField, TextFormat 

Unimplemented classes are: Accessibility, Error, Function, LoadVars,
Microphone, NetStream, Selection, SharedObject, Stage, System, Button,
Camera, Color, ContextMenu, CustomActions, Video

Unimplemented Opcodes are: Throw, Implements, Extends, enum_object, Try,
new_method, enum_object, md length, md substring, md chr, delete, get
target 

There is currently no FLV video or more than minimal AMF data support,
or loading of external jpegs.

Building Gnash:
---------------

You no longer need the Mozilla or Firefox development packages to
build Gnash. All the required files are now included in Gnash so the
plugin can be built as long as the other development libraries are
installed.

You will need the following development packages installed to build
the player with GTK support: glib, atk, pango, cairo, gtk2, gtkglext.
You can build the player without GTK support, and these are the
dependent packages. OpenGL(libMesa), SDL,

Other required packages are libxml2, libpng, libjpeg. The use of
libxml2 can be dropped if configured with --disable-xml.

For sound support, currently SDL_Mixer is supported. SDL_Mixer will be
going away soon to be replace by the new Gstreamer support. Gstreamer
version 0.10 is required for this when available. At this time the
sound support is minimal until the new Gstreamer support is done.

To build Klash, the Konqueror plugin you need to have the KDE
development packages installed.

----------------------------------

Gnash has three mailing lists hosted at gnu.org. Archives of these
lists are stored at http://mail.gnu.org/pipermail/: 

    * gnash@gnu.org is for discussion of Gnash. Ideas for the future,
      general gnash usage or problems, etc... New alpha and stable
      releases are announced here. To subscribe, go the
      http://mail.gnu.org/mailman/listinfo/gnash. Volume is typically
      low.
    * gnash-dev@gnu.org is for discussion of gnash development,
      porting to new platforms, ideas for the future. This is where
      the nitty-gritty gets discussed about Gnash, and is the best
      list for technical questions. To subscribe, go the
      http://mail.gnu.org/mailman/listinfo/gnash-dev 
    * gnash-commit@gnu.org is where summaries of changes commited to
      the CVS repository are automatically posted. If you wish to see
      these changes as they happen,
      http://mail.gnu.org/mailman/listinfo/gnash-commit Volume is
      sporadic, but typically low.

If you would like any new feature to be included in future versions of
Gnash, please send a request to <gnash-dev@gnu.org>. You can also
submit patches at https://savannah.gnu.org/patch/?group=gnash.

Please remember that development of Gnash is a volunteer effort, and
you can also contribute to its development. For information about
contributing to the GNU Project, please read How to help GNU.

If you think you have found a bug in Gnash, then you should fill as
complete a report as possible at
https://savannah.gnu.org/bugs/?group=gnash. Please include the
operating system, it's version in bug reports.


