Packaging is relatively complex, especially when supporting multiple
packaging systems. Each platform works the same, only the names are
changed. Each packaging system has a single top level Makefile target
that does the entire process, which can be time consuming. Each of the
other targets break the entire process into stages which make it much
easier to debug, or redo only one stage of the entire process.

For these targets to work correct, your build must be able to survive
"make distcheck".

xpi      - Build a binary XPI package for Mozilla/Firefox
snapshot - Build a binary tarball package for any distribution
deb      - Build a binary Debian/Ubuntu package
rpm      - Build a binary Redhat/Mandriva package
ipkg     - Build a binary IKG package
alp	 - Build a binary package for the Access Linux Platform

snapshot-src: is the primary target used to build the source directory
	      with the correct name. This target uses the internal
	      Automake target "distdir" to make the distribution
	      directory. This always names the sub directory created
	      to hold the distribution files "gnash-trunk". Snapshot-src
	      then renames the sub directory to be gnash-revno, and
	      modifies the configure.ac file in the subdirectory to
	      have the correct version number. All packaging targets
	      start by calling snapshot-src.


-configure:  this target configures the package with the appropriate flags
	     in a _build subdirectory in the snapshot distribution sub
	     directory created by snapshot-src. Each package format
	     often requires a different set of configure options,
	     although some options are common, like setting --prefix=/usr.

-build:	     this target builds the package in the _build sub
	     directory.

-install:    this target installs the fresh build and sets DESTDIR so
	     all the files get installed in temporary directory as we
	     don't want to stomp on any preinstalled Gnash on our
	     build machine.

-bundle:     this target uses the files from the temporary
	     installation directory to make the actual package in the
	     correct format. This often involves copying files from
	     the source packaging directories, and other tweaks to
	     create the package correctly.

RPM
	All RPMs are built using rpmbuild. Although rpmbuild is
	primarily used to build packages in one pass via "-ba", it is
	possible to run the different phases seperately, which makes
	debugging easier.

	The version in the gnash.spec is editied to be consistant.

DEB
	All DEBs are built using dpkg-buildpackage. The version in the
	changelog is editied to be consistant.
